shell-integration = zsh
shell-integration-features = no-cursor

theme = tokyonight

font-family = JetBrains Mono
font-thicken = true

background-opacity = 0.9

adjust-cell-height = 10%

adjust-underline-position = 40%
adjust-underline-thickness = -60%

cursor-style = block
cursor-style-blink = true

confirm-close-surface = false
clipboard-paste-protection = false
unfocused-split-opacity = 0.8

# custom-shader = crt.glsl

keybind = ctrl+s>r=reload_config
keybind = ctrl+s>i=inspector:toggle
keybind = ctrl+s>n=new_window
keybind = ctrl+s>v=new_split:right
keybind = ctrl+s>s=new_split:down
keybind = ctrl+s>h=goto_split:left
keybind = ctrl+s>l=goto_split:right
keybind = ctrl+s>j=goto_split:bottom
keybind = ctrl+s>k=goto_split:top
keybind = ctrl+s>f=toggle_split_zoom
keybind = ctrl+s>w=toggle_quick_terminal
keybind = left=resize_split:left,10
keybind = right=resize_split:right,10
keybind = up=resize_split:up,10
keybind = down=resize_split:down,10
keybind = global:ctrl+shift+space=toggle_quick_terminal
